Add Index controller documentation (#26)
kuzzleio/sdk-csharp: doc/1/controllers/index/list/index.md

---
code: true
type: page

> title: list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: ListAsync
```

description: List the indexes
---

> # List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ListAsync
```

> Get the complete list of indexes handled by Kuzzle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gets the complete list of indexes handled by Kuzzle.
```

## Arguments

```cs
Task<JArray> ListAsync();
```

## Return

> Returns a `JArray` containing the list of index names present in Kuzzle.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Returns a `JArray` containing the list of index names handled by Kuzzle.
```

> Returns an `JArray` containing the list of indexes names present in Kuzzle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns a `JArray` containing the list of index names present in Kuzzle.
```
